Bible Search Results
Query: Purg* OR Pure*
Results: 127
==================================================

KJV Exo 25:11 And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, within and without shalt thou overlay it, and shalt make upon it a crown of gold round about.
KJV Exo 25:17 And thou shalt make a mercy seat of pure gold: two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof.
KJV Exo 25:24 And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, and make thereto a crown of gold round about.
KJV Exo 25:29 And thou shalt make the dishes thereof, and spoons thereof, and covers thereof, and bowls thereof, to cover withal: of pure gold shalt thou make them.
KJV Exo 25:31 And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold: of beaten work shall the candlestick be made: his shaft, and his branches, his bowls, his knops, and his flowers, shall be of the same.
KJV Exo 25:36 Their knops and their branches shall be of the same: all it shall be one beaten work of pure gold.
KJV Exo 25:38 And the tongs thereof, and the snuffdishes thereof, shall be of pure gold.
KJV Exo 25:39 Of a talent of pure gold shall he make it, with all these vessels.
KJV Exo 27:20 And thou shalt command the children of Israel, that they bring thee pure oil olive beaten for the light, to cause the lamp to burn always.
KJV Exo 28:14 And two chains of pure gold at the ends; of wreathen work shalt thou make them, and fasten the wreathen chains to the ouches.
KJV Exo 28:22 And thou shalt make upon the breastplate chains at the ends of wreathen work of pure gold.
KJV Exo 28:36 And thou shalt make a plate of pure gold, and grave upon it, like the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD.
KJV Exo 30:3 And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, the top thereof, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns thereof; and thou shalt make unto it a crown of gold round about.
KJV Exo 30:23 Take thou also unto thee principal spices, of pure myrrh five hundred shekels, and of sweet cinnamon half so much, even two hundred and fifty shekels, and of sweet calamus two hundred and fifty shekels,
KJV Exo 30:34 And the LORD said unto Moses, Take unto thee sweet spices, stacte, and onycha, and galbanum; these sweet spices with pure frankincense: of each shall there be a like weight:
KJV Exo 30:35 And thou shalt make it a perfume, a confection after the art of the apothecary, tempered together, pure and holy:
KJV Exo 31:8 And the table and his furniture, and the pure candlestick with all his furniture, and the altar of incense,
KJV Exo 37:2 And he overlaid it with pure gold within and without, and made a crown of gold to it round about.
KJV Exo 37:6 And he made the mercy seat of pure gold: two cubits and a half was the length thereof, and one cubit and a half the breadth thereof.
KJV Exo 37:11 And he overlaid it with pure gold, and made thereunto a crown of gold round about.
KJV Exo 37:16 And he made the vessels which were upon the table, his dishes, and his spoons, and his bowls, and his covers to cover withal, of pure gold.
KJV Exo 37:17 And he made the candlestick of pure gold: of beaten work made he the candlestick; his shaft, and his branch, his bowls, his knops, and his flowers, were of the same:
KJV Exo 37:22 Their knops and their branches were of the same: all of it was one beaten work of pure gold.
KJV Exo 37:23 And he made his seven lamps, and his snuffers, and his snuffdishes, of pure gold.
KJV Exo 37:24 Of a talent of pure gold made he it, and all the vessels thereof.
KJV Exo 37:26 And he overlaid it with pure gold, both the top of it, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns of it: also he made unto it a crown of gold round about.
KJV Exo 37:29 And he made the holy anointing oil, and the pure incense of sweet spices, according to the work of the apothecary.
KJV Exo 39:15 And they made upon the breastplate chains at the ends, of wreathen work of pure gold.
KJV Exo 39:25 And they made bells of pure gold, and put the bells between the pomegranates upon the hem of the robe, round about between the pomegranates;
KJV Exo 39:30 And they made the plate of the holy crown of pure gold, and wrote upon it a writing, like to the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD.
KJV Exo 39:37 The pure candlestick, with the lamps thereof, even with the lamps to be set in order, and all the vessels thereof, and the oil for light,
KJV Lev 24:2 Command the children of Israel, that they bring unto thee pure oil olive beaten for the light, to cause the lamps to burn continually.
KJV Lev 24:4 He shall order the lamps upon the pure candlestick before the LORD continually.
KJV Lev 24:6 And thou shalt set them in two rows, six on a row, upon the pure table before the LORD.
KJV Lev 24:7 And thou shalt put pure frankincense upon each row, that it may be on the bread for a memorial, even an offering made by fire unto the LORD.
KJV Deu 32:14 Butter of kine, and milk of sheep, with fat of lambs, and rams of the breed of Bashan, and goats, with the fat of kidneys of wheat; and thou didst drink the pure blood of the grape.
KJV 1Sa 3:14 And therefore I have sworn unto the house of Eli, that the iniquity of Eli's house shall not be purged with sacrifice nor offering for ever.
KJV 2Sa 22:27 With the pure thou wilt shew thyself pure; and with the froward thou wilt shew thyself unsavoury.
KJV 1Ki 5:11 And Solomon gave Hiram twenty thousand measures of wheat for food to his household, and twenty measures of pure oil: thus gave Solomon to Hiram year by year.
KJV 1Ki 6:20 And the oracle in the forepart was twenty cubits in length, and twenty cubits in breadth, and twenty cubits in the height thereof: and he overlaid it with pure gold; and so covered the altar which was of cedar.
KJV 1Ki 6:21 So Solomon overlaid the house within with pure gold: and he made a partition by the chains of gold before the oracle; and he overlaid it with gold.
KJV 1Ki 7:49 And the candlesticks of pure gold, five on the right side, and five on the left, before the oracle, with the flowers, and the lamps, and the tongs of gold,
KJV 1Ki 7:50 And the bowls, and the snuffers, and the basons, and the spoons, and the censers of pure gold; and the hinges of gold, both for the doors of the inner house, the most holy place, and for the doors of the house, to wit, of the temple.
KJV 1Ki 10:21 And all king Solomon's drinking vessels were of gold, and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold; none were of silver: it was nothing accounted of in the days of Solomon.
KJV 1Ch 28:17 Also pure gold for the fleshhooks, and the bowls, and the cups: and for the golden basons he gave gold by weight for every bason; and likewise silver by weight for every bason of silver:
KJV 2Ch 3:4 And the porch that was in the front of the house, the length of it was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cubits, and the height was an hundred and twenty: and he overlaid it within with pure gold.
KJV 2Ch 4:20 Moreover the candlesticks with their lamps, that they should burn after the manner before the oracle, of pure gold;
KJV 2Ch 4:22 And the snuffers, and the basons, and the spoons, and the censers, of pure gold: and the entry of the house, the inner doors thereof for the most holy place, and the doors of the house of the temple, were of gold.
KJV 2Ch 9:17 Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with pure gold.
KJV 2Ch 9:20 And all the drinking vessels of king Solomon were of gold, and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold: none were of silver; it was not any thing accounted of in the days of Solomon.
KJV 2Ch 13:11 And they burn unto the LORD every morning and every evening burnt sacrifices and sweet incense: the shewbread also set they in order upon the pure table; and the candlestick of gold with the lamps thereof, to burn every evening: for we keep the charge of the LORD our God; but ye have forsaken him.
KJV 2Ch 34:3 For in the eighth year of his reign, while he was yet young, he began to seek after the God of David his father: and in the twelfth year he began to purge Judah and Jerusalem from the high places, and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images.
KJV 2Ch 34:8 Now in the eighteenth year of his reign, when he had purged the land, and the house, he sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, and Maaseiah the governor of the city, and Joah the son of Joahaz the recorder, to repair the house of the LORD his God.
KJV Ezr 6:20 For the priests and the Levites were purified together, all of them were pure, and killed the passover for all the children of the captivity, and for their brethren the priests, and for themselves.
KJV Job 4:17 Shall mortal man be more just than God? shall a man be more pure than his maker?
KJV Job 8:6 If thou wert pure and upright; surely now he would awake for thee, and make the habitation of thy righteousness prosperous.
KJV Job 11:4 For thou hast said, My doctrine is pure, and I am clean in thine eyes.
KJV Job 16:17 Not for any injustice in mine hands: also my prayer is pure.
KJV Job 22:30 He shall deliver the island of the innocent: and it is delivered by the pureness of thine hands.
KJV Job 25:5 Behold even to the moon, and it shineth not; yea, the stars are not pure in his sight.
KJV Job 28:19 The topaz of Ethiopia shall not equal it, neither shall it be valued with pure gold.
KJV Psa 12:6 The words of the LORD are pure words: as silver tried in a furnace of earth, purified seven times.
KJV Psa 18:26 With the pure thou wilt shew thyself pure; and with the froward thou wilt shew thyself froward.
KJV Psa 19:8 The statutes of the LORD are right, rejoicing the heart: the commandment of the LORD is pure, enlightening the eyes.
KJV Psa 21:3 For thou preventest him with the blessings of goodness: thou settest a crown of pure gold on his head.
KJV Psa 24:4 He that hath clean hands, and a pure heart; who hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity, nor sworn deceitfully.
KJV Psa 51:7 Purge me with hyssop, and I shall be clean: wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow.
KJV Psa 65:3 Iniquities prevail against me: as for our transgressions, thou shalt purge them away.
KJV Psa 79:9 Help us, O God of our salvation, for the glory of thy name: and deliver us, and purge away our sins, for thy name's sake.
KJV Psa 119:140 Thy word is very pure: therefore thy servant loveth it.
KJV Pro 15:26 The thoughts of the wicked are an abomination to the LORD: but the words of the pure are pleasant words.
KJV Pro 16:6 By mercy and truth iniquity is purged: and by the fear of the LORD men depart from evil.
KJV Pro 20:9 Who can say, I have made my heart clean, I am pure from my sin?
KJV Pro 20:11 Even a child is known by his doings, whether his work be pure, and whether it be right.
KJV Pro 21:8 The way of man is froward and strange: but as for the pure, his work is right.
KJV Pro 22:11 He that loveth pureness of heart, for the grace of his lips the king shall be his friend.
KJV Pro 30:5 Every word of God is pure: he is a shield unto them that put their trust in him.
KJV Pro 30:12 There is a generation that are pure in their own eyes, and yet is not washed from their filthiness.
KJV Isa 1:25 And I will turn my hand upon thee, and purely purge away thy dross, and take away all thy tin:
KJV Isa 4:4 When the Lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion, and shall have purged the blood of Jerusalem from the midst thereof by the spirit of judgment, and by the spirit of burning.
KJV Isa 6:7 And he laid it upon my mouth, and said, Lo, this hath touched thy lips; and thine iniquity is taken away, and thy sin purged.
KJV Isa 22:14 And it was revealed in mine ears by the LORD of hosts, Surely this iniquity shall not be purged from you till ye die, saith the Lord GOD of hosts.
KJV Isa 27:9 By this therefore shall the iniquity of Jacob be purged; and this is all the fruit to take away his sin; when he maketh all the stones of the altar as chalkstones that are beaten in sunder, the groves and images shall not stand up.
KJV Lam 4:7 Her Nazarites were purer than snow, they were whiter than milk, they were more ruddy in body than rubies, their polishing was of sapphire:
KJV Ezk 20:38 And I will purge out from among you the rebels, and them that transgress against me: I will bring them forth out of the country where they sojourn, and they shall not enter into the land of Israel: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
KJV Ezk 24:13 In thy filthiness is lewdness: because I have purged thee, and thou wast not purged, thou shalt not be purged from thy filthiness any more, till I have caused my fury to rest upon thee.
KJV Ezk 43:20 And thou shalt take of the blood thereof, and put it on the four horns of it, and on the four corners of the settle, and upon the border round about: thus shalt thou cleanse and purge it.
KJV Ezk 43:26 Seven days shall they purge the altar and purify it; and they shall consecrate themselves.
KJV Dan 7:9 I beheld till the thrones were cast down, and the Ancient of days did sit, whose garment was white as snow, and the hair of his head like the pure wool: his throne was like the fiery flame, and his wheels as burning fire.
KJV Dan 11:35 And some of them of understanding shall fall, to try them, and to purge, and to make them white, even to the time of the end: because it is yet for a time appointed.
KJV Mic 6:11 Shall I count them pure with the wicked balances, and with the bag of deceitful weights?
KJV Hab 1:13 Thou art of purer eyes than to behold evil, and canst not look on iniquity: wherefore lookest thou upon them that deal treacherously, and holdest thy tongue when the wicked devoureth the man that is more righteous than he?
KJV Zep 3:9 For then will I turn to the people a pure language, that they may all call upon the name of the LORD, to serve him with one consent.
KJV Mal 1:11 For from the rising of the sun even unto the going down of the same my name shall be great among the Gentiles; and in every place incense shall be offered unto my name, and a pure offering: for my name shall be great among the heathen, saith the LORD of hosts.
KJV Mal 3:3 And he shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver: and he shall purify the sons of Levi, and purge them as gold and silver, that they may offer unto the LORD an offering in righteousness.
KJV Mat 3:12 Whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and gather his wheat into the garner; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire.
KJV Mat 5:8 Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God.
KJV Mar 7:19 Because it entereth not into his heart, but into the belly, and goeth out into the draught, purging all meats?
KJV Luk 3:17 Whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and will gather the wheat into his garner; but the chaff he will burn with fire unquenchable.
KJV Joh 15:2 Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away: and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit.
KJV Act 20:26 Wherefore I take you to record this day, that I am pure from the blood of all men.
KJV Rom 14:20 For meat destroy not the work of God. All things indeed are pure; but it is evil for that man who eateth with offence.
KJV 1Co 5:7 Purge out therefore the old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us:
KJV 2Co 6:6 By pureness, by knowledge, by longsuffering, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned,
KJV Php 4:8 Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.
KJV 1Ti 1:5 Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart, and of a good conscience, and of faith unfeigned:
KJV 1Ti 3:9 Holding the mystery of the faith in a pure conscience.
KJV 1Ti 5:22 Lay hands suddenly on no man, neither be partaker of other men's sins: keep thyself pure.
KJV 2Ti 1:3 I thank God, whom I serve from my forefathers with pure conscience, that without ceasing I have remembrance of thee in my prayers night and day;
KJV 2Ti 2:21 If a man therefore purge himself from these, he shall be a vessel unto honour, sanctified, and meet for the master's use, and prepared unto every good work.
KJV 2Ti 2:22 Flee also youthful lusts: but follow righteousness, faith, charity, peace, with them that call on the Lord out of a pure heart.
KJV Tit 1:15 Unto the pure all things are pure: but unto them that are defiled and unbelieving is nothing pure; but even their mind and conscience is defiled.
KJV Heb 1:3 Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high;
KJV Heb 9:14 How much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself without spot to God, purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God?
KJV Heb 9:22 And almost all things are by the law purged with blood; and without shedding of blood is no remission.
KJV Heb 10:2 For then would they not have ceased to be offered? because that the worshippers once purged should have had no more conscience of sins.
KJV Heb 10:22 Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water.
KJV Jas 1:27 Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world.
KJV Jas 3:17 But the wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, and easy to be intreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality, and without hypocrisy.
KJV 1Pe 1:22 Seeing ye have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the Spirit unto unfeigned love of the brethren, see that ye love one another with a pure heart fervently:
KJV 2Pe 1:9 But he that lacketh these things is blind, and cannot see afar off, and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins.
KJV 2Pe 3:1 This second epistle, beloved, I now write unto you; in both which I stir up your pure minds by way of remembrance:
KJV 1Jo 3:3 And every man that hath this hope in him purifieth himself, even as he is pure.
KJV Rev 15:6 And the seven angels came out of the temple, having the seven plagues, clothed in pure and white linen, and having their breasts girded with golden girdles.
KJV Rev 21:18 And the building of the wall of it was of jasper: and the city was pure gold, like unto clear glass.
KJV Rev 21:21 And the twelve gates were twelve pearls; every several gate was of one pearl: and the street of the city was pure gold, as it were transparent glass.
KJV Rev 22:1 And he shewed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb.
